de facto standard (#50)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-maintenance: draft-iab-protocol-maintenance.md

errors accumulates over time. Indeed, when faced with divergent interpretations
of an immutable specification, the only way for an implementation to remain
interoperable is to be tolerant of differences in interpretation and

> implementation errors. When official specifications fail to be updated
> due to lack of maintenance, the implementations (and their potential
> oddities) become a replacement de facto standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementation errors. However, when official specifications fail to be
updated, deployed implementations - including their quirks - can become
a substitute standard.
```

Yep, we buried the lede here.  However a bit of a rewrite to avoid being tautological.  "fail to be updated" and "lack of maintenance"; "replacement" and "de facto".
